Developer guide touchup (#240)
AY2122S1-CS2103T-T10-2/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

1. Add a participant without birthdate
   
   1. Test case: `add n/Hartin Menz p/91234567 e/hartin@gmail.com a/NUS` <br>
      Expected: The participant is added to the participant list. Details of the participant are shown in the status message.

2. Add a participant with birthdate

   1. Test case: `add n/Hartin Menz p/99991234 e/menz@gmail.com a/NTU d/1970-11-11` <br>
      Expected: The participant is added to the participant list. Details of the participant are shown in the status message.

### Deleting a participant

1. Delete a participant while all participants are shown

   1. Prerequisites: All participants listed using the `list` command. At least one participant is in the participant list.

   1. Test case: `delete 1`<br>
      Expected: The first participant in the participant list is deleted. Details of the deleted participant are shown in the status 
      message.

   1. Test case: `delete 0`<br>
      Expected: No participant is deleted. Error details are shown in the status message.

   1. Other incorrect delete commands to try: `delete`, `delete x`, `...` (where x is larger than the list size)<br>
      Expected: Similar to previous.

### Editing a participant

> 1. Edit a participant's name (new name is unique and does not match any other participant's)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Edit a participant's name
```

>    1. Prerequisite: At least one participant is in the participant list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Prerequisite: At least one participant is in the participant list. No other participants are named "Alexis Peoh".
```

   2. Test case: `edit 1 n/Alexis Peoh`<br>
      Expected: The participant at index 1 is renamed to "Alexis Peoh" with all other details unchanged.

### Locating participants by name

1. Find a participant with name "David"

   1. Prerequisite: All participants listed using the `list` command. At least one participant is in the participant list.

   2. Test case: `find David`<br>
      Expected: The participant list is filtered to show only participants with "David" in their names. The list may be empty if
      no participant has "David" in their name.

### Viewing a participant’s details

1. View details of a participant

   1. Prerequisite: All participants listed using the `list` command. At least one participant is in the participant list.

   2. Test case: `view 1`<br>
      Expected: Details of the first participant in the participant list are shown in the status message.

### Adding a Next-of-Kin to a participant

1. Add a Next-of-Kin(NOK) to a participant

>    1. Prerequisite: At least one participant in the participant list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Prerequisite: At least one participant is in the participant list.
```
```suggestion
   1. Prerequisite: At least one participant in the participant list.
```

   
   2. Test case: `addNok 1 n/Patrick Yeoh p/91234444 tag/Cousin`<br>
      Expected: The NOK is added to the first participant in the list. Details of the action are shown in the status message.

### Deleting a Next-of-Kin of a participant

1. Delete a NOK from a participant

>    1. Prerequisite: At least 1 participant in the participant list, and the first participant has at least 1 NOK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Prerequisite: At least one participant is in the participant list, and the first participant has at least one NOK.
```

   2. Test case: `deleteNok 1 1`<br>
      Expected: The first NOK of the first participant is removed. Details of the action are shown in the status message.

### Adding an event

1. Add an event without time

   1. Test case: `addEvent n/CS2103T finals d/2021-11-23`<br>
      Expected: The event is added to the event list. Details of the event are shown in the status message.
   
2. Add an event with time

   1. Test case: `addEvent n/Graduation d/2024-05-25 t/1200`<br>
      Expected: The event is added to the event list. Details of the event are shown in the status message.

###  Deleting an event

1. Delete an event while all events are shown

>    1. Prerequisites: All events listed using the `listEvents` command. At least one event in the event list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Prerequisites: All events listed using the `listEvents` command. At least one event is in the event list.
```

   2. Test case: `deleteEvent 1`<br>
      Expected: The first event in the event list is deleted. Details of the deleted event are shown in the status message.

   3. Test case: `deleteEvent 0`<br>
      Expected: No event is deleted. Error details are shown in the status message.

   4. Other incorrect deleteEvent commands to try: `deleteEvent`, `deleteEvent x`, `...` (where x is larger than the 
      list size)<br>
      Expected: Similar to previous.

### Editing an event

> 1. Edit an event (new name and date of the event does not match any other event's)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Edit an event
```

>    1. Prerequisite: At least one event in the event list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Prerequisite: At least one event is in the event list. No other events are named "CS2100 finals" **and** fall on 20th November 2021.
```

   2. Test case: `editEvent 1 n/CS2100 finals d/2021-11-20`<br>

>       Expected: The name and date of the event are edited, but time remains the same. Details of the new event are shown in the status message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Expected: The name and date of the event are edited, but time is unchanged. Details of the new event are shown in the status message.
```

### Marking event as done

1. Mark an event as done

>    1. Prerequisite: At least one event in event list. The first event must be "Uncompleted".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Prerequisite: At least one event is in event list. The first event must be "Uncompleted".
```

   2. Test case: `done 1`<br>
      Expected: The first event in the event list is marked as done. Details of the completed event are shown in the status message.

### Locating events by name

1. Find events by event name

>    1. Prerequisite: All events listed using the `listEvents` command. At least one event in the event list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Prerequisite: All events listed using the `listEvents` command. At least one event is in the event list.
```

   2. Test case: `findEvent Monthly`<br>
      Expected: Event list is filtered to show only events with "Monthly" in their names. The list may be empty if
      no event has "Monthly" in their name.

### Filtering events by time

1. Filter by date only

>    1. Prerequisite: All events listed using the `listEvents` command. At least one event in the event list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Prerequisite: All events listed using the `listEvents` command. At least one event is in the event list.
```

   2. Test case: `filterEvents d/2021-09-30`<br>
      Expected: Events occurring on 30th September 2021 will be shown in the event list. The list may be empty if no event
      occurs on this date.

2. Filter by date and time

>    1. Prerequisite: All events listed using the `listEvents` command. At least one event in the event list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Prerequisite: All events listed using the `listEvents` command. At least one event is in the event list.
```

   2. Test case: `filterEvents d/2021-09-30 t/1200`<br>

>       Expected: Events occurring on 30th September 2021 at 12:00pm will be shown in the event list. Could be empty if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Expected: Events occurring on 30th September 2021 at 12:00pm will be shown in the event list. The list may be empty if
```

      no event occurs on this date and time.

### Sorting events by time

1. Sort the event list in chronological order

>    1. Prerequisite: All events listed using the `listEvents` command. At least one event in the event list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Prerequisite: All events listed using the `listEvents` command. At least one event is in the event list.
```

   2. Test case: `sortEvents`<br>
      Expected: The events in the event list will be sorted chronologically. For events with the same date, events without time will be placed higher than events with time specified.

>       of those with time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Showing an event’s details

1. Show the details of an event

>    1. Prerequisite: All events listed using the `listEvents` command. At least one event in the event list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Prerequisite: All events listed using the `listEvents` command. At least one event is in the event list.
```

   2. Test case: `showDetails 1`<br>
      Expected: Details of the first event in the event list are shown in the status message.

### Adding a participant to an event

1. Enroll a participant into an event

>    1. Prerequisite: All events and participants listed using `listEvents` and `list` commands respectively. At least one event and one participant

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Prerequisite: All events and participants listed using `listEvents` and `list` commands respectively. At least one event and one participant are
```

      in the event and participant lists respectively. The participant should not be already enrolled in the event.
   2. Test case: `enroll 1 1`<br>
      Expected: The first participant in the participant list is enrolled into the first event in the event list. Details of the action
      are shown in the status message.

### Removing a participant from an event

1. Expel a participant from an event

>    1. Prerequisite: All events and participants listed using `listEvents` and `list` commands respectively. At least one event and one participant

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Prerequisite: All events and participants listed using `listEvents` and `list` commands respectively. At least one event and one participant are
```

      in the event and participant lists respectively. The participant should be already enrolled in the event.
   2. Test case: `expel 1 1`<br>
      Expected: The first participant in the participant list is expelled from the first event in the event list. Details of the action
      are shown in the status message.

### Showing an event’s participants

1. Show a list of an event's participants

>    1. Prerequisite: All events listed using the `listEvents` command. At least one event in the event list. There should be at least

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Prerequisite: All events listed using the `listEvents` command. At least one event is in the event list. There should be at least
```

   1. Other incorrect delete commands to try: `delete`, `delete x`, `...` (where x is larger than the list size)<br>
      Expected: Similar to previous.

### Editing a participant

> 1. Edit a participant's name to another non-existent participant

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Edit a participant to one that does not already exist
```

   1. Prerequisite: At least 1 participant in the participant list.

   2. Test case: `edit 1 n/Alexis Peoh`<br>
      Expected: Participant at index 1 renamed to "Alexis Peoh" with all other details remained the same.

### Locating participants by name

1. Find a participant with name "David"

>    1. Prerequisite: List all participants using the `list` command. Multiple participants in the participant list.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   1. Prerequisite: List all participants using the `list` command. At least 1 participant in the participant list.
```

   2. Test case: `find David`<br>
      Expected: Participant list filtered to show only participants with "David" in their names. Could be empty if
      no one has "David" in their name.

### Viewing a participant’s details

1. View details of a participant

   1. Prerequisite: List all participants using the `list` command. At least 1 participant in the participant list.

   2. Test case: `view 1`<br>
      Expected: Details of the first participant in the participant list shown in the status message.

### Adding a Next-of-Kin to a participant

1. Add a Next-of-Kin(NOK) to a participant

   1. Prerequisite: At least 1 participant in the participant list.
   
   2. Test case: `addNok 1 n/Patrick Yeoh p/91234444 tag/Cousin`<br>

>       Expected: NOK added to the first participant in the list. Details of action shown in the status message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Expected: NOK is added to the first participant in the list. Details of action shown in the status message.
```

### Deleting a Next-of-Kin of a participant

1. Delete a NOK from a participant

>    1. Prerequisite: At least 1 participant and this participant has at least 1 NOK.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   1. Prerequisite: At least 1 participant in the participant list, and the first participant has at least 1 NOK.
```

   2. Test case: `deleteNok 1 1`<br>
      Expected: First NOK of first participant removed. Details of action shown in the status message.

### Adding an event

1. Add an event without time

   1. Test case: `addEvent n/CS2103T finals d/2021-11-23`<br>
      Expected: Event is added to the event list. Details of the event shown in the status message.
   
2. Add an event with time

   1. Test case: `addEvent n/Graduation d/2024-05-25 t/1200`<br>
      Expected: Event is added to the event list. Details of the event shown in the status message.

###  Deleting an event

1. Delete an event while all events are being shown

>    1. Prerequisites: List all events using the `listEvents` command. Multiple events in the event list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Prerequisites: All events listed using the `listEvents` command. Multiple events in the event list.
```

      list size)<br>
      Expected: Similar to previous.

### Editing an event

> 1. Edit an event to a non-existent event

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Edit an event (new name and date of the event does not match any other event's)
```

> 1. Edit an event to a non-existent event

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Edit an event to one that does not already exist
```

   1. Prerequisite: At least 1 event in event list. No events with the same name and date as the new edited event.

   2. Test case: `editEvent 1 n/CS2100 finals d/2021-11-20`<br>

>       Expected: Event name and date is edited, time remains the same. Details of new event shown in status message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Expected: Event name and date are edited, time remains the same. Details of new event shown in status message.
```

### Marking event as done

1. Mark an event as done

>    1. Prerequisite: At least 1 event in event list. Event must be "Uncompleted".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Prerequisite: At least one event in event list. Event must be "Uncompleted".
```

   2. Test case: `done 1`<br>

>       Expected: First event in event list marked as done. Details of completed event shown in status message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Expected: First event in event list is marked as done. Details of completed event shown in status message.
```

### Locating events by name

> 1. Find events by event names

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Find events by event name
```

>    1. Prerequisite: List all events using the `listEvents` command. Multiple events in the event list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Prerequisite: All events listed using the `listEvents` command. At least one event in the event list.
```

>    1. Prerequisite: List all events using the `listEvents` command. Multiple events in the event list.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   1. Prerequisite: List all events using the `listEvents` command. At least 1 event in the event list.
```

   2. Test case: `findEvent Monthly`<br>

>       Expected: Event list filtered to show only events with "Monthly" in their names. Could be empty if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Expected: Event list is filtered to show only events with "Monthly" in their names. The list may be empty if
```

      no event has "Monthly" in their name.

### Filtering events by time

1. Filter by date only

>    1. Prerequisite: List all events using the `listEvents` command. Multiple events in the event list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Prerequisite: All events listed using the `listEvents` command. At least one event in the event list.
```

   2. Test case: `filterEvents d/2021-09-30`<br>

>       Expected: Events occurring on 30th September 2021 will be shown in the event list. Could be empty if no event

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Expected: Events occurring on 30th September 2021 will be shown in the event list. The list may be empty if no event
```

      occurs on this date.

2. Filter by date and time

>    1. Prerequisite: List all events using the `listEvents` command. Multiple events in the event list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Prerequisite: All events listed using the `listEvents` command. At least one event in the event list.
```

   2. Test case: `filterEvents d/2021-09-30 t/1200`<br>

>       Expected: Events occurring on 30th September 2021 at 1200 will be shown in the event list. Could be empty if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Expected: Events occurring on 30th September 2021 at 1200 are be shown in the event list. The list may be empty if
```

>       Expected: Events occurring on 30th September 2021 at 1200 will be shown in the event list. Could be empty if

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      Expected: Events occurring on 30th September 2021 at 12:00pm will be shown in the event list. Could be empty if
```

      no event occurs on this date and time.

### Sorting events by time

1. Sort the event list in chronological order

>    1. Prerequisite: List all events using the `listEvents` command. Multiple events in the event list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Prerequisite: All events listed using the `listEvents` command. At least one event in the event list.
```

   2. Test case: `sortEvents`<br>

>       Expected: Events will be sorted chronologically. For events with the same date, those without time will be on top

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Expected: Events will be sorted chronologically. For events with the same date, events without time will be placed higher than events with time specified.
```

      of those with time.

### Showing an event’s details

1. Show the details of an event

>    1. Prerequisite: List all events using the `listEvents` command. At least 1 event in the event list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Prerequisite: All events listed using the `listEvents` command. At least one event in the event list.
```

   2. Test case: `showDetails 1`<br>
      Expected: Details of the first event in the event list is shown in the status message.

### Adding a participant to an event

1. Enroll a participant into an event

>    1. Prerequisite: List all events and participants using `listEvents` and `list` commands. At least 1 event and 1 participant

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Prerequisite: All events and participants listed using `listEvents` and `list` commands respectively. At least one event and one participant
```

>       in the event and participant list respectively. Participant should not be already enrolled in the event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      in the event and participant lists respectively. The participant should not be already enrolled in the event.
```

   2. Test case: `enroll 1 1`<br>

>       Expected: First participant in the participant list enrolled into the first event in the event list. Details of action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Expected: First participant in the participant list is enrolled into the first event in the event list. Details of action
```

      shown in the status message.

### Removing a participant from an event

1. Expel a participant from an event

>    1. Prerequisite: List all events and participants using `listEvents` and `list` commands. At least 1 event and 1 participant

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Prerequisite: All events and participants listed using `listEvents` and `list` commands respectively. At least one event and one participant
```

>       in the event and participant list respectively. Participant should be already enrolled in the event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      in the event and participant lists respectively. The participant should be already enrolled in the event.
```

   2. Test case: `expel 1 1`<br>

>       Expected: First participant in the participant list expelled from the first event in the event list. Details of action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Expected: First participant in the participant list is expelled from the first event in the event list. Details of action
```

      shown in the status message.

### Showing an event’s participants

> 1. Show a list of participants in an event

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Show a list of an event's participants
```

>    1. Prerequisite: List all events using `listEvents` command. At least 1 event in the event list. There should be at least

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Prerequisite: All events listed using the `listEvents` command. At least one event in the event list. There should be at least
```

>       1 participant enrolled in the event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      one participant enrolled in the event.
```
